# YTPlaylistApp
A little app for organizing playlists into neat txt files, and catching removed songs using Waybackpy:

I noticed that Youtube would sometimes remove songs I liked and had in playlists, and give no indication of the song they removed. Otherwise, a channel might get privated or choose to delete the video themselves. Already, many of these "corrupted" songs are in my playlists, so I decided to write a script that could find these faulty entries and tell me what I was missing so I could choose to replace it or not, and in general maintain a nice text list of my playlists for easy viewing and comparing. 

Handling and storing playlists is important not only for my own record-keeping, but also because it would allow me to find missing songs without having to load WaybackMachine with requests. Ideally, waybackpy could be used for handling songs that I don't have a backed-up list to determine, but the program itself should contain the necessary tools to create and store playlist files for viewing by me, and as a first step to finding a corrupt song.

OF NOTE: This app was created for personal usage, so it does not have the infrastructure to support a user. The code will work find for anyone who has the correct libraries, but there are files that are on my computer that allow for this program to get through certain authentication measures that won't be valid for others. If someone made their own Google Cloud project using Youtube Data API v3, generated an OAuth Client ID and downloaded a client_secrets json (and renamed it to "client_secrets.json"), they may be able to run this just fine. 
